Added forwarding message to numaflow (#676)
argoproj-labs/argo-dataflow: README.md

# Dataflow

## NOTICE

> Argo Dataflow has been reimplemented in the scope of a broader project focussed on operational data analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo Dataflow has been reimplemented in the scope of a broader project focussed on generic event-driven processing, the foundation for powerful streaming processing semantics.
```

Many users are thinking of using argo-dataflow as a replacement for argo-events. Won't this give a feeling that `numaflow` can only be used for operational analytics? WDYT?

Author: Don't want to confuse users as to when to use Events vs Numaflow.
Reworded slightly
